

NSMV CLASS SYSTEM
The full system description
Syllabus

The syllabus of each level is different. Therefore, the entire course consists of a varying number of topics. Theory is a sub part for the practical saying ‘how to do’ to the practical sessions. The essential fact is to handle lessons easily. You should aware about your performance and update your own by hardworking on the topics taught.
          We have some sub parts (steps) in the NSMV course called ‘LEVELS’. These levels are some sort of topics that arranged by the tutor. The Student levels are:
1.   Praaramba (student of praramba lessons - SOPL) :
Deals with the basic lessons, hand positions gestures, how to lessons… etc.
2.   Laya (Student of rhythmic lessons - SORL) :
Explains the avarthanam, simple korvais, dasa prana
3.   Vidya (Student of theory & practical concepts - SOTP):
Explains many theoretical concepts with practical
4.   Sidhantha (Student of Mridanga Science practical - SOMS) :
Deals with the practical study of the mathematical aspects of lessons and coaching for making their own lessons. (DIY)
5.   Vinyaasa (Student of time manipulation - SOTM) :
 Studying about how to manipulate the time cycles for the lessons and to play layavinyasam.
6.   Sangeetha (Student of accompanying with music - SOAM) :
studying to accompany with various type of music, dance and other music forms.
7.   Sadhaka (Student of practices - SOP) :
Revision on what the student aunderstand and deep doubt clearing
8.   Vesha (costume sense - C) :
Preparations before stage
9.   Vedika ( Stage performer - SP) :
Understanding and participating various kinds of small programs on the stage.
10.         Kalaakaara ( An Artist - A)

Course duration {case-N} (minimum 5 years)
Duration in year
Levels
1
SOPL, SORL, SOTP-section A
2
SOTP-section B, SOMS,SOTM-a
3
SOTM-b,SOAM-a
4
SOAM-b, SOP, C, SP-A,SP-B
5
SP-C, A
X
Continuous practice


Course duration {special} (based on the nature)
Duration in year
Levels
1
SOPL, SORL
2
SOAM- FEW
3
SOP,C,SP,A
X
Continuous practice
